Well I come back to the Recipe Book.
Now that we learned about routeing in the last course section it's time to add it to our recipe book
course app.
This is the structure of our app thus far and we already get a lot of components and so on.
Right now we implemented the navigation our application with ngi if though and that is not really the
best way of navigating around.
Instead I want to use the Eyler router to load pages and to allow the user to well switch between pages
in this section.
However we will not only add the router We will also add one new component the recipe added component
because now that we have a way of loading different pages.
We can also add this to component which we will fill with some life after the form section this course
which will then allow us to create new recipes or edit existing ones.
So once you set up a routing and this section and we definitely need routes to load either to a shopping
list or a recipe book.
But inside of the Recipe Book section of the app I want to have some child Rochlitz targeting the recipe
detail or recipe added component.
These components which will always be loaded on the left side of our list of recipes should be loaded
dynamically on only one of the tools should be loaded at a time.
Therefore child routing.
So that is the general structure.
Let's now put this into practice and build our application at routing to it.
Starting in the next lecture